Who's knocking on the door in broad daylight?
Shenyang, hurry up, I'm worried, you can hide first
Who are you looking for?
It doesn't seem to be from the village.
Don't be nervous, I'm here
Who is it? What are you doing at my house?
Excuse me.
We're looking for two people.
The man is in his 40s and the woman is in her 20s
I don't know if you've seen it.
Never seen me have to go to the toilet
Don't worry, ma'am
Why are you looking for someone all night?
Dry mouth
Can you enjoy a glass of boiled water?
No matter how deep the water is, you can quench your thirst.
Okay, let me get you some water.
Since you are equal to waiting
But you're done drinking and go
Wait, I'm going to the toilet.